Update ``Release streams`` across multiple articles (#14818)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Client/Release_stream/en.md

# Release stream

osu! has multiple **release streams**, or game client versions, that receive updates at different rates. In order to catch potential issues early, new features and changes are added into preview versions before making their way to the main client.

| Release stream | Client | Notes |
| :-- | :-- | :-- |
| `Stable` | osu!(stable) | Most recent full release of osu!(stable); [feature-locked](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeze_(software_engineering)); receives updates after `Cutting Edge (Experimental)`. |
| `Cutting Edge (Experimental)` | osu!(stable) | Receives osu!(stable) updates earlier; feature-locked; contains a few extra features compared to `Stable`; [multiplayer](/wiki/Client/Interface/Multiplayer) only available to [osu!supporters](/wiki/osu!supporter). |

> | [`Lazer`](Lazer) | osu!(lazer) | Completely rewritten game client; [open source](https://github.com/ppy/osu); most active in development with [many differences and new features](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer/Feature_comparison). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`Lazer`](Lazer) | osu!(lazer) | Completely rewritten game client; [open source](https://github.com/ppy/osu); most active in development with [many differences and new features](/wiki/Help_centre/Upgrading_to_lazer#gameplay-differences). |
```
